c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe.config
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Form1.resources
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Resources.resources
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
c:\users\bazooka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe.config
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Form1.resources
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.Resources.resources
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.exe
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.xml
H:\Users\Bazooka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication5\WindowsApplication5\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication5.pdb
